App Store Information:
  App Name: "FitTimer" (or your preferred name)
  Subtitle: "Counter with Reminders & more"
  Support URL: "https://giansingh4710.github.io/FitTimer/"
  Privacy Policy URL:  "https://giansingh4710.github.io/FitTimer/privacy.html"
  Marketing URL (optional): Your app's promotional website
  Description:
    FitTimer is your all-in-one fitness companion that helps you stay on track with your workouts and daily activities. Whether you're doing HIIT, strength training, or tracking daily habits, FitTimer has you covered.

    Key Features:
    • Create custom workout plans with exercise timers and rest periods
    • Track daily activities with customizable counters
    • Smart notifications to keep you motivated
    • Calendar view to monitor your progress
    • Streak tracking to maintain consistency
    • Daily and weekly activity history
    • Customizable notification reminders
    • Clean, intuitive interface

    Perfect for:
    - Workout enthusiasts
    - Fitness beginners
    - Daily habit tracking
    - HIIT workouts
    - Strength training
    - Activity monitoring

    Stay motivated and achieve your fitness goals with FitTimer - your personal workout and activity tracking companion.

  Keywords:
    workout,timer,fitness,exercise,hiit,strength training,tracker,habits,workout timer,sikhi


Video used to publish the app:
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85c2oFcWdq0
  - Get to the app project menu
  - Product tab > Archive
  - After archive made, select it and 'Validate App'
    - Fix any errors like name conflits or logo
      - `Invalid large app icon. The large app icon in the asset catalog in “FitTimer.app” can’t be transparent or contain an alpha channel. For details, visit: https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/app-icons. (ID: 6e27fc36-b85b-455d-8e68-2bd071bcc8c9)`
        - got chat gpt to generate new icon:
          - used this command to see if it has alpha
            'sips -g hasAlpha FitTimer/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/logo.png'

  - 'Distribute App' > 'App Connect' or something

AI Logo prompt:
  Create A unique, memorable icon communicates the purpose and personality of my app 'FIT TIMER which is an app where users can add workouts and play the workouts and activities like pushups and get reminders for them. An app for beginners and workouts at home' and can help people recognize your product at a glance in the App Store and on their devices.
  A sketch of the App Store icon. The image is overlaid with rectangular and circular grid lines and is tinted yellow to subtly reflect the yellow in the original six-color Apple logo.
  Beautiful app icons are an important part of the user experience on all Apple platforms and every app and game must have one. Each platform defines a slightly different style for app icons, so you want to create a design that adapts well to different shapes and levels of detail while maintaining strong visual consistency and messaging. To download templates that help you create icons for each platform, see Apple Design Resources. For guidance on creating other types of icons, see Icons.

  Best practices
  Embrace simplicity. Simple icons tend to be easier for people to understand and recognize. Find a concept or element that captures the essence of your app or game, make it the core idea of the icon, and express it in a simple, unique way. Avoid adding too many details, because they can be hard to discern and can make an icon appear muddy, especially at smaller sizes. Prefer a simple background that puts the emphasis on the primary image — you don’t need to fill the entire icon with content.
  Create a design that works well on multiple platforms so it feels at home on each. If your app or game runs on more than one platform, use similar images and color palettes in all icons while rendering them in the style that’s appropriate for each platform. For example, in iOS, tvOS, and watchOS, the Music app icon depicts the white musical notes on a red background using a streamlined, graphical style; macOS displays the same elements, while adding shadow that makes the notes look recessed. Similarly, the Music app icon in visionOS uses the same color scheme and content, but offers a true 3D appearance when viewed while wearing the device.
  An image that shows the variations of the Music app's app icon as it appears in iOS, macOS, tvOS, visionOS, and watchOS.
  Prefer including text only when it’s an essential part of your experience or brand. Text in icons is often too small to read easily, can make an icon appear cluttered, and doesn’t support accessibility or localization. In some contexts, the app name appears near the icon, making it redundant to display the name within it. Although using a mnemonic like the first letter of your app’s name can help people recognize your app or game, avoid including nonessential words that tell people what to do with it — like “Watch” or “Play” — or context-specific terms like “New” or “For visionOS.”
  Prefer graphical images to photos and avoid replicating UI components in your icon. Photos are full of details that don’t work well when viewed at small sizes. Instead of using a photo, create a graphic representation of the content that emphasizes the features you want people to notice. Similarly, if your app has an interface that people recognize, don’t just replicate standard UI components or use app screenshots in your icon.
  If needed, optimize your icon for the specific sizes the system displays in places like Spotlight search results, Settings, and notifications. For iOS, iPadOS, and watchOS, you can tell Xcode to generate all sizes from your 1024×1024 px App Store icon, or you can provide assets for some or all individual icon sizes. For macOS and tvOS, you need to supply all sizes; for visionOS, you supply a single 1024x1024 px asset. If you create your own versions of your app icon, make sure the image remains distinct at all sizes. For example, you might remove fine details and unnecessary features, simplifying the image and exaggerating primary features. If you need to make such changes, keep them subtle so that your app icon remains visually consistent in every context.
  Two different sizes of the Safari app icon in macOS. The image on the left contains many more visual details than the image on the right.
  The 512x512 px Safari app icon (on the left) uses a circle of tick marks to indicate degrees; the 16x16 px version of the icon (on the right) doesn’t include this detail.
  Design your icon as a square image. On most platforms the system applies a mask that automatically adjusts icon corners to match the platform’s aesthetic. For example, visionOS and watchOS automatically apply a circular mask. Although the system applies the rounded rectangle appearance to the icon of an app created with Mac Catalyst, you need to create your macOS app icon in the correct rounded shape; for guidance, see macOS.
  In most cases, design your icon with full edge-to-edge opacity. For layered app icons in visionOS and tvOS, prefer fully opaque content on the bottom layer. Note that the dark variants of iOS and iPadOS icons omit a solid background because the system provides one automatically.
  For downloadable production templates that help you create app icons for each platform, see Apple Design Resources.
  Consider offering an alternate app icon. In iOS, iPadOS, and tvOS, and iPadOS and iOS apps running in visionOS, people can choose an alternate version of an icon, which can strengthen their connection with the app or game and enhance their experience. For example, a sports app might offer different icons for different teams. Make sure that each alternate app icon you design remains closely related to your content and experience; avoid creating a version that people might mistake for the icon of a different app. When people want to switch to an alternate icon, they can visit your app’s settings.

  Note
  Alternate app icons in iOS and iPadOS require their own dark and tinted variants. As with the default app icon, all alternate and variant icons are also subject to app review and must adhere to the App Review Guidelines.
  Don’t use replicas of Apple hardware products. Apple products are copyrighted and can’t be reproduced in your app icons.
  Platform considerations
  iOS, iPadOS

  People can customize the appearance of their app icons to be light, dark, or tinted. You can create your own variations to ensure that each one looks exactly the way you way you want. See Apple Design Resources for icon templates.
  An illustration of three versions of the Music app icon: light, dark, and tinted. The light version shows two white musical notes on a red gradient background. The dark version shows two red notes on a dark gradient background. The tinted version shows two grayscale notes on a dark gradient background.
  Design your dark and tinted icons to feel at home next to system app icons and widgets. You can preserve the color palette of your default icon, but be mindful that dark icons are more subdued, and tinted icons are even more so. A great app icon is visible, legible, and recognizable, even with a different tint and background.
  Consider a simplified version of your icon that captures its essential features. Because dark and tinted icons appear against a dark background, fine details tend to stand out more and can look messy or cluttered.
  Use your light app icon as a basis for your dark icon. Choose complementary colors that reflect the default design, and avoid excessively bright images. For guidance, see Dark Mode colors. To look at home on the platform, omit the background so the system-provided background can show through.
  An illustration of a pair of red musical notes against a square transparent background.
  You provide a transparent dark icon.
  An illustration of a square filled with a gradient of dark gray to black.
  The system provides the gradient background.
  An illustration of a pair of red musical notes against a rounded rectangle background.
  The system composites your dark icon on the gradient background.
  Provide your tinted icon as a grayscale image. Most app icons look great with a vertical gradient applied uniformly over the icon image.
  An illustration of a pair of grayscale musical notes against a uniform black square background. The notes transition from a light gray at the top to a darker gray at the bottom.
  You provide a fully opaque, grayscale icon.
  An illustration of a square filled with a gradient of dark gray to black.
  The system provides the gradient background.
  An illustration of a pair of grayscale musical notes on a dark gradient background.
  The system generates a tinted icon, compositing your grayscale icon on the gradient background.
  In some cases, you might want to vary the opacity in other ways; for example, the Home app icon uses varying shades of gray on concentric house shapes to create contrast between the elements of the icon.
  An illustration of the Home app icon in grayscale.
